New Checkout Drop-in v2.0.0-beta1, beta2 y beta3 (#289)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/extending.mdx

---
title: Extending Checkout drop-in component

> description: Learn about different methods to extend drop-in component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about different methods to extend the drop-in component.
```

---

import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';

> Based on the Adobe Commerce OOPE (Out Of Process Extensibility) pattern, the drop-in components must be designed to be flexible and extensible. In this sense and making reference to the extensibility concept, if the checkout drop-in doesn't provide a specific feature, it should have a mechanism to be easily expandable and customizable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the Adobe Commerce OOPE (Out Of Process Extensibility) pattern, the drop-in components must be designed to be flexible and extensible. In this sense and referring to the extensibility concept, if the checkout drop-in does not provide a specific feature, it should have a mechanism to be easily expandable and customizable.
```
